hi all I'm going to show you what
smoothie I have to get hydrated skin to
help with my blemishes to help with any
breakouts to give me that instant glow
and to give me a tan from inside out and
it's just absolutely amazing it helps
your vision as well and I actually love
this smoothie so carry on watching to
see what smoothie I have to get all of
them things you can see I've got my
carrots and my cucumbers I'm actually a
cut up a Apple in there as well but
carrots are really really good because
they're rich in beta-carotene which is
really good because it's anti aging as
well and it gives you glowing skin it
also improves the night vision as well
but not only that because it's got
vitamin A in it it prevents dry skin
acne and blemishes and it's also known
by her beliefs herbalist should be an
antiseptic as well which is brilliant
also cucumbers and do excuse my stuffy
nose cucumbers keep his skin really
hydrated as well because it's mainly
built of water that's what it is it's
mainly water so it's really good and it
fights heat from the inside and outside
so if you have a lot of heat inside then
you're most likely gonna have a lot of
inflammation it's like a lot of redness
on the skin as well which that's what I
have which totally sucks and it also
helps to flush out toxins this helps you
to lose weight as well which is
brilliant and it stabilizes blood
pressure and it also helps with
indigestion as well so both of them are
really really good to have and like I
said well like I'm going to say at the
end I have this all the time well tried
to have it as much as I can but I really
really loved this so I've just blended
it all together with an apple as well I
actually had an apple left from when I
did my berry smoothie so I just put that
in there then this is what it looks like
you can just put a lot of water in it to
dilute it down but this is the outcome
of it so this movie I drink more or less
every other day should I say because if
you haven't seen my berry smoothie I'll
put a link to that right here and here
and basically everywhere so the
buildings ever
right now or the berry smoothie dude
check that out because that is an
amazing smoothie to give you energy it's
really good for your skin as well and
your hair the whole body basically is
good fall and so I kind of alternate I
have that one and then I let the carrot
and cucumber so this one I have this
other carrot and cucumber smoothie and I
basically alternate because I like to
have different flavors rather than
having the same thing all the time so
when I do have this one I try to make
sure that I finish it within the day all
two days I don't like it to go beyond
that or anything I just like it to
remain as it is so cute with a radical
to take out the heat it's really good to
cool you out on the inside and the
outside it's hydrating like anything it
helps to get rid of toxins help you to
shut that way as well which is brilliant
let me tell you something when you have
this you do need to make sure that your
new is free as well I'm just being
honest with you and tell you the truth
here you need to make sure that your loo
is free because well you don't know
anything I need to go after having this
so all the systems everybody system
inside ways differently for some it may
take a bit longer to feel the effect as
if it's getting rid of the toxins and
some it just like that I can tell you
about that stuff but everybody's buddies
totally different but it's just amazing
to know that cucumbers can do that it's
just really really good
and carrots are just amazing to give you
that glow as well helps with your eyes
and with acne with scarring with your
skin in general it's just really really
good to have so I do blend stop blending
stop you know juice ad I start drinking
have fun with it so this is my carrot
and cucumber detox and glowing skin a
healthy hi dragons give smoothie because
it just so many different things I don't
know what to title it but try it see how
you got over the ice it you love it and
I'm totally not a big fan of smoothies
now I literally replace it so when I
have like my field my healthy
I will have instead of the juice as in
at I knew I will have that what I
blended in the book and I'll drink that
alongside with the belt
well alongside me eating the food and
yeah I just think it's really good to
have it because it's just putting all of
you - it's in everything you need for
your skin for your body for your hair
for everything it's just perfect I can
you see this redness I don't know what's
happening but I'm just like slamming up
with something I haven't a clue so I'm
gonna head off I'm gonna put my my
healing balm on my nose now and if you
want to know what that is then just
comment and I will let you guys all do a
video on that as well and yeah I shall
see you all till thank you guys so much
for watching